Add and update meta descriptions in Core docs 2.1.6 - closes #611 (#612)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/forging.adoc

= Enable forging
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: This page describes how to check, enable and disable forging on a node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: A guide that describes how to check, enable and disable forging on a node.
```
